refactor: [DI-24423] - Added a refetch interval to alert details query (#11945)
linode/manager: packages/manager/.changeset/pr-11945-changed-1743511226551.md

---
"@linode/manager": Changed
---

> add 2 min refetch interval in alerts.ts, add isLoading and remove isFetching in AlertDetail.tsx ([#11945](https://github.com/linode/manager/pull/11945))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add a 2-minute refetch interval in alerts.ts, add isLoading and remove isFetching in AlertDetail.tsx. ([#11945](https://github.com/linode/manager/pull/11945))
```
